Closes #538 Improve error message when quoted strings passed to `exprs()` in `by_vars` (#549)
pharmaverse/admiraldev: NEWS.md

- `capture_message()` was updated to strip off all control sequences from the
 message. (#543)

> - `assert_var_list()` was updated with a clearer message to users on how to fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `assert_list_of()` (and `assert_vars()`) was updated with a clearer message to users on how to fix
```

Reviewer 2: i debated about including `assert_vars()`...so like this!!
